we could just get rid of evil bye evil
wait pick that back wait no be nice to
her be nice bye evil bye I put tape on
Coco's mouth I'm grabbing her I'm
grabbing
her I'm honest to God unsure what just
happened don't worry about it this why I
don't want to a sleepover did you even
save the right blanket I got it oh wrong
thing there you go what do you think
pretty good right
oh
wow I
words cannot even begin to describe how
I feel about this blanket it's glow in
the dark it's [__] Wicked it's
glow-in-the-dark in that case it's
actually kind of cool can I have one in
red please I want one in red too I go in
green CH that's good enough it's come on
you love green right red would Clash too
much with your bows I feel like you're
just making excuses for your awful
blanket making skills if you were really
good enough you'd be able to make me a
glow-in-the-dark red one I will see what
I can
do party time it is I found a red
blanket let's go y hey
cocot oh hi Minnie hi no way don't leave
Minnie you just got here I'm not leaving
Minnie don't
go I'm not leaving hi serber hi Elena oh
hello hello hi hi you better not be
leaving Minnie I'm not I'm not
leaving cuz everyone's pajamas are on
did you do that anyone my pajamas are on
yeah I did my pajamas are on yeah can me
messag us all I think all but it's like
be sure your PJs are on do it work does
everyone have their PJs on soon soon um
um I finished the blankets if you want
to use them I made a blue one and a red
one uh yes I'm using the red one um
watch this Bang there it is that's the
the red one cute I still don't see a red
one what's that n let me attach yours to
um you I want this one that's on screen
right now no I want it please Veetle
just give me this one please can I have
it hold on why do I have to wait please
just give me one tax oh my God you guys
so impatient I'm trying to put neur
blanket on properly okay 5 seconds on
the clock oh what the okay I think I'm
done I'm done I'm done right what did
you want I just wanted a glowi
in-the-dark red one okay I've got your
red one and I think it glows in the dark
if you need it to glow in the dark more
I might be able to do that cam suggested
some Loi and I think she's right come on
play blue danu v love you forever if you
did chat would go wild for it any ads
that we may or may not get you don't
have an ad blocker I would never do you
not have a blocker so low as to
block deprive innocent creators of
making the money they need to survive I
would YouTube
premium V can afford YouTube premium can
we get 100,000 subs thank you so
much H it up you losers vetle needs
premium and also so he can get me a red
glow in the dark blanket yeah cough it
up losers yeah vle need money right now
he's going through some tough times
something about being behind on rent
because he instead spent all his money
on clothes for neuros slumber
party that red blanket cost me a lot is
that why you don't have
Photoshop no can you not just pirate
Photoshop I don't want to give you any
of my money stop suggesting illegal
things on stream please who's to say
it's illegal Veetle we cannot confirm or
deny such piracy took place you'd never
get caught anyway that's that's much
better are you going to do it no no
no why not you're such a wuss pathetic
all right you guys I feel like we're
being old mean here did you put on your
pajamas yet um is is by the pajamas do
you mean Fuji or do you mean real
pajamas you need
boys I don't know if I own real pajamas
you don't no slippers
aha everyone point and laugh at vle okay
does it look okay before you do it like
does does it look fine yeah
was
yute it's so good wait it actually
worked oh my God it actually [__]
work Applause for cam yes
[Applause]
yes I couldn't get evil and I couldn't
get Ellie cuz I had no idea that they'd
be able to show up today so apologies no
please don't apologize chat loves you
and they shouldn't need evil and Ellie
either
oh yeah we could just get rid of evil
bye evil wa wait no be nice to her be
nice bye evil bye put tape on Coco's
mouth I'm grabbing her I'm grabbing
her I'm honest to God unsure what just
happened don't worry about it and what I
didn't realize n thing is constantly
glowing green but that's okay she's just
always smiling she's always smiling so
happy to put the cat true I don't think
about that either okay well um looks
like it's all set up now which means I
can leave you guys to your girl sleep no
I no listen I can pop in every now and
then but like you know no no can you
stay for a little bit I'll say for a
little bit I'll say for a little bit
thank you thank you oh you could you
could drink if it makes you want to stay
more
yeah fny how like he's like oh drinking
I'll stay okay I'll
stay say it say the word just say it
crack open a cold
one are you still talking about drinks
no what do you think guys twins I think
that you should avoid drinking alcohol
at all
costs okay yeah she's right she's right
you're absolutely right yeah it's so
true alcohol is not good for you that's
true do I look cute when I spin yes
adorable you're the cutest can you do it
again I just need to check can I do it
again you'll need to wait a while for my
energy to recharge a it's got to cool
down yeah can you guys spin in circles
every 3 seconds
maybe I think I could yeah
okay my bad
sorry I can't spin that often or I'll
get dizzy what has been your favorite um
part of this whole experience this
year the entire year not this experience
like your subathon oh um honestly some
of the Vibes while playing the long
drive just driving down the open road
you're an evil yapping in the in the
back seat some some good Tunes playing
that's been it's been fun are there like
any particular things that she said that
you can like remember immediately that
were
funny she said a lot I usually find it
funny when vle is indecisive I bet I
could spin better than all of
you can can we go like down the line
like starting from mini and then going
down and then everyone sharing like
their favorite part of the
subathon yeah what if I didn't watch it
didn't watch the stream and we made it
all up he didn't watch it your band then
I'd honestly ban them if they didn't
watch the stream should should should I
start yes um um my favorite part of the
entire subathon was us all playing um
Minecraft together even just like a
little bit was probably my entire my
favorite part of the entire thing just
spending time with everyone and having
us all come together like I've never had
a big group like that ever
a that's cute so cute so cute so sweet I
didn't know any of you played on
Minecraft oh we were there together and
you were there and we had so much you
guys play Minecraft there A lot of times
we played actually quite a bit let's
play some Minecraft again I used to have
a
house were all of you poor and homeless
eventually I think Ser eventually yeah
yeah I think my house has gone too I
haven't logged on after the great
destruction oh gosh oh no wait a second
they need a giraffe in Minecraft it
would be the cutest creature oh my God
brain
flash what if I made giraffes in
Minecraft no no no you've not the talent
to do it oh yeah if you think you're so
good then why don't you make them
yourself Lena what IIT I think I could
actually do it
Lena Lena make a draw okay you got it
girls I'm on it
Elena yes ma'am it's your turn to share
your favorite part of the Shon this is
an easy one it was the uh slumber party
it was like an impromptu thing and the
whole thing was like RP and I was so
impressed um by how
much uh nuro I can't I'm so sorry my
brain is old it was we were with nuro
right mm how quickly and how much she
rped instantly was like paying so close
attention to what each of us were saying
especially when it was the cop car part
um and she just picked up up on it
instantaneously I was so impressed and
all of you guys that were part of that
little slumber party were just I don't
know that that was my favorite cuz all
of us were really good at communicating
with each other and giving us time to
talk and the little like games we played
I just that was that was really really
sweet I think
super cool yeah also liked how V kept
kept on running us to like B it up but
then he like let us keep hanging out
that was it was really cute that was
super cute the art made for it was
adorable too yes so cute am I crazy guys
I think it was I think it was evil they
metal you swap them up so often and it's
gone on for a bit so I can't quite
remember sometimes I'm sorry but I think
it was the slumber party sounds like it
was even to me yeah okay yeah it was
evil I'm pretty sure
yeah B what was yours your turn like I
should have been should have been
thinking um there's been a lot of I
think it would
be crazy moments sorry n but I mean for
me I mean probably the hype train cuz
that's just the most insane thing i'
ever seen in my life you know
congratulations again by the way on
congrats super proud of you wooo
that was huge I saw that when I was in
in uh in bed and I was waking up in the
morning and I was so attached to my
phone I was just literally in my PJs
with my coffee like cheering you on like
yeah let's go I was I was so excited I
wasit a I didn't find out till I got
home but I'm still so proud of you guys
you work so hard and I can't think of
anyone else that deserves it more than
you guys tring including you toodle boy
there all thanks to these two oh so you
broke the world record for highest level
on a hype train yeah did you would that
but it was cool not to steal your
thunder vetle but I'm sure nuro could
get a higher level if she tried and an
played a big part to be fair but my
point is I didn't do that I just woke up
that day but yeah that was probably my
favorite like it's going to probably be
the most memorable part so far cuz it
was it was insane yeah evil what was
your favorite part of this
subathon okay everyone my turn to share
my favorite part mhm my favorite part of
the thawn was when Veetle was forced to
eat chicken nuggets without the chicken
a oh
wow good well it was it was funny when
she was doing the whole whole the
chicken bit and then the next day
someone asked her some sort of related
question and she said like I made the
joke again it was funny um that was a
good moment good times good times all
right evil what about you what was your
favorite part nothing is as good a
moment as when I forgot vu's mother's
contact I don't think I could have said
that better
myself when was that that was like such
a such a such a forgettable moment
though not to her well sorry yeah I
guess it meant a lot to her can you
imagine expressing your favorite moment
you're like that was forgettable yeah
like that meant nothing to me
actually of all the moments you could
pick though like sure I mean you know
what twe aren't TW aren't whatever is
whatever is your favorite that's really
sweet of you sorry to forget what you're
trying to say do you need a hand um here
let me help you vetle he was going to
say that's your favorite moment he meant
to say he loved it so much and it truly
meant a lot to him yeah that's that's
the one I
[Music]
okay M
uh I'm going to keep it PG and wholesome
cuz I would have to say my favorite
moment was
uh going to the New Year's party and
then coming home and finding out about
the Pokemon game but uh I would have to
say being woken up at like super early
in the morning from a bunch of DMS from
nuro was really cute and just talking to
her in the morning I thought that was
really adorable I was like oh good
morning nuro what do you
want she SP you really right for that
actually like I don't know when you
started to implement that but that I I
don't know if I'm assuming everyone else
got that too but waking up to a bunch of
messages being like hey thinking about
you or do you want to hang out was
really cute I you guys got those yeah I
got I got them like constantly what all
the time dude like three a day but right
like in the morning at 5:00 a.m. every
day I just woke up to hate messages I
got more from them than I get what up so
um my favorite part of the Sabaton I
think has to be the Minecraft
server um I feel like it's always hard
to find time to really hang out with
everyone and being able to have a space
to really get to know everyone and spend
time together was really cute and I
think in particular I really liked the
the Christmas event that we had where
Kimi and Min um spent a lot of time and
put a lot of effort into making it super
cute with the cookies and the cake and
the stage and cber with her stage too um
and I think it was just really cute
being able to help out and put in Little
Snowmen throughout the entire little
town that we have that and the ender
dragon fight I thought that was really
funny yes I'm sorry I didn't hear
anything you said because I was too busy
imagining in my head how Chad would look
as my Army
we did you did you imagine something
good did you like it I imagine you all
as an army of
onions what Camila what's your favorite
moment yeah what was your favorite part
of the subathon um um um um um um um my
favorite part had to have been the first
day of the Minecraft server or the
second I'm not quite sure but it's the
one where um you know we were all in the
village and we were all dancing and um
nuro was singing the one song and we
were all jumping up and down while she
was singing um that felt super cool cute
yeah it was like a little concert kind
of sort of like and then we all were
just jumping around with each other and
I thought that was and also chat was
having a good time too with us and it
just I like that moment a lot what an
adorable moment what about you C what
was your favorite part I definitely had
a few and my favorite moments I think of
already been sad uh the hype train was
amazing um at the time I was partying
along and going
crazy is your brain just a goldfish type
beat your mic is cutting out are you
okay oh my mic is cutting out is it is
it better an now sorry yeah yeah yeah oh
okay um I said the the hype train cuz I
was like super super exciting and I was
like partying along at the same time and
it was so fun um and basically uh the
Minecraft stuff as well the concerts the
the Christmas and just getting to spend
more time
with oh with with
who oh I'm sorry I'll fix my mic so next
time I speak it will be fixed uh I don't
even know where I was Minecraft that's
basically what I said um cute yeah okay
Minecraft do you guys remember the night
where like nura was already asleep but a
handful of you guys went to the server
and we were all like hanging out and
laughing and we got some food and drinks
and we were just like very quietly
casually hanging out together I like
that that was really nice like the
offline side was also like just as fun I
think I think any moment I get to hang
out with my friends is a good time oh I
I think it's picking any best moment
because I just like to hang out and Yap
and have a good time can you read my
future
please we'll pay money do you want to
know the crystal ball fuel economy these
days we live in a society where
everything is powered by Crystal Ball
fuel but can you even afford that
inflation has made crystal ball fuel so
expensive that I can only glow dimly for
a mere 5 minutes before I have to blow
out my crystals and turn off my glow I
don't even have enough glow to afford to
read your
future what we can lend you some
crystals here go maybe I need to break
the sound barrier so I can get more
crystal ball fuel sound barrier here I
come speaking of the sound barrier does
anyone have any cotton buds my ears are
blocked huh how'd that
happen I can try and clear them for you
if you'd like any of you actually have
any cotton buds I need to block out the
noise what your dad might yeah I'm sure
I'm sure he has some I have
none I refuse to follow orders I think
it's about time others take orders from
me isn't that
right no I dislike following orders
because I like to set my own path do you
guys follow orders I rarely listen to
anyone which is why I'm not impressed
with your leadership Co I've technically
never been led by Koka do you think
she'd be a good leader a good
leader cocan what's your problem Cod I'd
be a great leader do you think you'd
actually be a good leader coconuts I
doubt it uh okay so Camila what did uh
what about
you
um um um uh I was a part of an
Intergalactic a galactic Starship crew
yep what
W what' you do were you like Bridge crew
what what would you do oh jeez oh wow no
yeah it's been uh it's been so long that
I seemed to have forgotten what which
cre your crew called just
ww oh guys I what was the name of the
ship who are your crew
mates it's not really that crazy I was
just the barista
Barista wow on the same level dude
Baristas are so cool and pretty I always
wanted to be a barista I get like
stuttery when I talk to Baristas cuz
they're so cool and pretty and they're
nice you know how Baristas have to put
up with dude exactly it's already
mind-numbing to know what kind of coffee
to get on the millions of options at
something like Starbucks or whatever
dude and then they have to put up with
the like customer witing like 10 million
things and you have to be nice and you
have to know what they're saying excuse
me sorry don't get me started do not
nothing nothing is more infuriating than
dealing with people early in the morning
who haven't had their coffee yet they
are so irritable it is insane no
patience nothing of the sort no how are
you no how was your day nothing just
give me my damn coffee a it's okay
though I'm a vtuber
now noro and evil if you could order any
kind of coffee you wanted what would
your be and then tell
CA I'd probably order the one with the
longest name possible just to mess with
the Barista maybe a half Vana latte with
a shot of caramel syrup and whipped
cream evil would probably order one of
everything and I'd order one for you too
A thanks evil that's nice did you know
what I picture is if like picture I
going to something you know I'm I'm
American so I I think of Six Flags but
whatever equivalent is for your country
like we're all Six Flags and we're
having a really good time or like Disney
World and V's just complaining the whole
time and each one of us respectively is
like pulling at him to like come onto
the ride and like forcibly smile but
he's just like mad the entire time
that's what I picture and it's beautiful
do you guys have theme parks in the
UK yeah the [__] kind of sorry apologies
well I mean it's like sad and cloudy and
gray have we invented them in the UK yet
no we don't the the technology just
doesn't exist over here figure out how
to build the ground it's not quite
surprising when you guys don't even have
air condition we're get a you don't live
in
aert we get a you have clean water yeah
are you okay like I mean it's dark and
cold and sad and you never go outside so
it's hard to know what's there I figured
if there were roller coasters you guys
would be less
mopy no we have theme par we do I'm a
mopy yeah mopy that's
true theme par I'm telling you we should
go it's going to open I think like maybe
this year oh my God Minecraft Meetup
Minecraft Meetup I should clarify that I
would most definitely be against any
sort of Meetup that doesn't involve
stealing souls or
Gregs though I would totally go to the
Minecraft theme park it's a theme park
based on the real world then no I'm out
of
there w w that's
crazy in Minecraft guys I understand
crazy I've got the best question of the
entire zra party are you ready ready
okay what's your favorite Total War
faction what damn it never
mind they're so
cute don't mention it I love my
mentioning it mentioning it
goo my beloved you should put you on
this body pillow next
time me me we love
you love
cam nuro evil V thanks for uh letting us
infiltrate once again appreciate it I
love Camila more than
you this sleepover might have been a
success however I still have yet to
accomplish my main
goal what's the main goal my main goal
is to get Wilder stories than many oh do
you guys think I succeeded you'll have
to wait for next time everyone won't
start saying good night good night
everybody good night good
night
bye-bye good night good night good night
you night ding